hasura-backend: add actions to custom business logic (#197)
hasura/learn-graphql: tutorials/backend/hasura/tutorial-site/content/custom-business-logic/1-actions.md

Now replace the contents of `src/server.js` with the following:

```javascript
const express = require("express");
const bodyParser = require("body-parser");
const fetch = require('node-fetch');

const app = express();

const PORT = process.env.PORT || 3000;

app.use(bodyParser.json());

const getProfileInfo = (user_id) => {
    const headers = {'Authorization': 'Bearer '+process.env.AUTH0_MANAGEMENT_API_TOKEN};
    console.log(headers);
    return fetch('https://' + process.env.AUTH0_DOMAIN + '/api/v2/users/'+user_id,{ headers: headers})
        .then(response => response.json())
}

app.post('/auth0', async (req, res) => {

  // get request input
  const { session_variables } = req.body;
  
  const user_id = session_variables['x-hasura-user-id'];
  // make a rest api call to auth0
  return getProfileInfo(user_id).then( function(resp) {
    console.log(resp);
    if (!resp) {
      return res.status(400).json({
        message: "error happened"
      })
    }
    return res.json({
      email: resp.email,
      picture: resp.picture
    })
  });

});

app.listen(PORT);

```

> In the server above, let's breakdown what's happening:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the server above, let's break down what's happening:
```

- We receive the payload `session_variables` as the request body from the Action.

> - We make a request to the [Auth0's Management API](https://auth0.com/docs/api/management/v2/create-m2m-app), passing in the user_id to get details about this user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We make a request to the [Auth0's Management API](https://auth0.com/docs/api/management/v2/create-m2m-app), passing in the `user_id` to get details about this user.
```

> - Once we get a response, we return back the object `{email: resp.email, picture: resp.picture}` as response. Else, we return an error case.

Reviewer: This sentence can be a bit confusing: `Once we get a response, we return back the object as a response`. Maybe specify where we get the first response from and where we return the object as a response.

 
In case you are stuck with the code above, use the following [readymade 
server](https://glitch.com/~auth0-hasura-action) on Glitch to clone it.

### Environment variables

> After remixing to your own project on Glitch, modify the `.env` file to enter the 

Reviewer: The remixing only applies if we use the readymade server, right?
